Instructions for validator logging (#10845)
solana-labs/solana: docs/src/running-validator/validator-start.md

  --rpc-port 8899 \
  --entrypoint devnet.solana.com:8001 \
  --limit-ledger-size
  --log ~/solana-validator.log
```

> Lastly, to configure logging, please run the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, to configure log rotation, please run the following:
```
